INSTRUCTIONS:
Upon Originally opening the program you will be greeted by a welcome screen, this will be your menu and best friend when navigating the program. You will of course first want to add numbers to your list usuing the option 1 and then picking between 1 or 2. Once you have added numbers to your list you can have free reign of the program. To select an option just type in your response which will be an interger unless specified otherwise. This will allow you to manipulate, use, and have fun with your new list. The program will do things like sort your list when it is neccesary on its own so you dont have to worry about it. If you use another methos of selection it will catch the error and send you back to try again, without crashing the program. 


BINARY SEARCH ALGORITHMS:
This program contains two binary search algorithms. Both of these require your list to be sorted, which will be done upon you calling these fuctions. Using these fuctions helps you find a specific number in fewer steps then a normal linear search. Your list after being sorted will be split in Half. If your number was right in the middle then great, it will return it to you. If that is not the case it checks if your number was higher or lower then the middle and ajusts accordingly, It then repeats this process till your number is at the middle or till the low and high are equal to eachother, in that instance noting that it is not in your program. Both programs do the same thing however the recursive version of it Produces a lot more data, making it harder for the computer to read and causing your computer to possibly crash. 


CHANGING
To create a more helpful and interesting program Some changes were made. The main change that is instantly noticable is the menue screen, because of how some brains process information, Having so many options that looked later on like a huge Text block that can be overwhelming. So splitting that down, into smaller sub menues allowed for everyone to be able to process it. To add a fun aspect to it we also added a betting function. TO do that we can take a number on the list and with two option, Who is guessing you or the computer, that then just usues thatTo create a random number that the game is then based off of. Its a simple process that usues random numbers and is a simple fun game for anyone to play.